With the rising amount of demonic presence emanating from the south, the people in the region are beginning to find themselves more restless by the day. The thoughts of war is nagging constantly in the back on their heads, and the effort to push them away is getting harder by each new raven that is landing on the window sill of the dovecote. The Avis Scribe knows, as well as the poeple, that the letter is another message of pillagers and burned down villages closest to the border. 
It is easiest for the farmers and miners, busy with their hard work out in the fields and mines, protected by the distance this far up north. It is worse for the people at home, the small children, the older generations, -the people who have time to think about what the not so distant future might bring up the main road.
It is never to be said that the country's ruler is sitting idly watching as his domain is slowly becoming affected by the corrupted powers. Most of the remaining soldiers have been dispatched to Whitebridge, the southermost village, with orders to sustain its defence while more troops is being trained, and the main army is to return from the east across the sea. However, sweeping rumors is that Whitebridge is already lost, consumed by unholy powers wielded by the demons and is now being used as a impermanent encamptment. People have spoke about madened men and women who formely were in a possesion of a sane mind, but now driven askew from devilish scources.
Boys that used to play with wooden sticks in ragged clothing are now training with steel swords in leather harness's. Their bruises turning from small scratchmarks to deep cuts and broken bones. Their mentality being molded by hammer and iron instead of mothers hands and soothing voices. New recruits is ariving by each new day in the Capitol and is being trained and supervised by Corporal Finn Rivers and lancepesade Q'ara von Lyei, the two who is in charge when the commander is gone. Their ambitions is high and their expectation of their trainees is even higher, making the fresh recruits wishing they had joined sooner while the commander was present.

The fields, rich of crops, is turning as black as ash, and the mines which used to shine from silver and iron, radiates with omnious auras. Whatever this demonic force is able to lay its hands on will be a victim of its blightened touch. 